# tweepitize
classify and delete your tweets with one click!

### Motivation:
While working on a professional project wherein a client requested a solution to achieve GDPR compliance, I got intrigued by "Right To Be Forgotten" - especially, it's manifestation for one of the most powerful services on internet - Twitter. While Twitter has tools and policies much in line with "Right To Be Forgotten", it's one thing if something can be done, and if something is actually feasible. Old forgotten tweets have been increasingly used to target individuals, such as the new Twitter CEO himself post his appointment, and an Indian Journalist - a vocal critic of the government. While, the action or reaction is/should be better left to laws of the land, and the view of the subjects, it begs for the question - how do these old tweets keep resurfacing? Is it that hard for one to manage their own tweets? On a lighter note, I sure want my decade old teenage tweets in favour of pineapple over pizza to be deleted, before I draw the ire of the world!

While I could find multiple tools [https://www.jeffbullas.com/twitter-tools-to-delete-tweets/] to find and delete tweets at once - all of them were keyword based and thus highly limited in their practicality. Twitter itself marks each tweets with a domain and entity, but the same is very rudimentary as well. Thus I wrote tweepitize (tweets + sanitize), a smart and user friendly web application which uses Twitter APIs, OAuth 2.0, and a Zero Shot Classification model to allow a user to fetch, filter and delete their tweets.
